Hello everyone and happy December
We have made it this far into the year
That is a very big accomplishment
I'm supposed to have a little solo date today with myself but
I'm actually waiting for the UPS driver to come and pick up a million boxes
Because I'm shipping everything I brought to New York for the pop-up back to California
I cannot leave my house until that shipment gets picked up so
I canceled all my plans today so I'm going to have a little day at home
I feel like because..
It's giving Christmas holiday on the top
and comfort at the bottom
I wasn't planning on showing you guys what was going on down here but
I have exposed myself
I'm feeling like I want to put some sparkly stuff on my eye
Can you see?
Perfect!
I did it again my mic was once again not plugged in
And I lost all my audio
So I'm doing a voice over so bear with me for just a little bit
I'm in recovery and slow mode after a crazy hectic busy month
I'm so grateful for all the opportunities I have and it's very rewarding
After the end of each challenge but I have realized that I
I have a habit of putting a lot of things on the back burner like..
My mental health..
When time gets busy and I'll tell myself after this month I'll take care of this
After this I'll take care of that and then
Time goes by and I've absolutely exhausted myself
So here I am treating myself to a sushi roll lunchbox while watching K drama
This is my happy place
And I'm also booking a flight to Korea again with Blurry Salsa Man
He had a very crazy year and was very busy
So we wanted to do a trip for the new year
One thing I really love about Blurry Sala Man is
he cares so much about others and his family
And I think that's his most beautiful trait
Family is also very important to me as well and I think we share similar values int hat aspect
Where we want to work really hard so we can give back
even just a fraction of what our parents have sacrificed for us
We're both trying really hard to find the right balance of working hard but also
Taking the time to build exciting memories and traveling together when we can
Time feels like it's going by so fast and I get nervous sometimes because
When I look back at the past few years everything just feels like a blur
And my goal is to really soak in every moment
not sprinting through the months and the year but
Taking it slow one day at a time so
cheers to us for making it to the end of the year
Happy December everyone we have made it to the end of the year
Can you believe that?
So you guys know I'm a huge fan of Aurate
I created a collection with them
they're such amazing partners
So Helzberg Diamonds teamed out with Aurate New York
And together they created a new beautiful collection called Laure by Aurate
Exclusive at Helzbeg Diamonds
Just like how you know Aurate everything is made with high quality it's ethically sourced
But now you can see the pieces in person at the Helzburg store
or of course online
So I'm wearing some of my pics from their collection
So first off I'm wearing the Diamond and Bar Hoop earrings
These are so beautiful
And I just love wearing hoops on its own but you can always wear them stacked
For my necklace it's a Diamond Baguette Bar Necklace
And it's such a great layering piece
I'm wearing it on its own and I think it's really chic
this is a vermeil Paperclip and Diamond Bezel bracelet
which is a great layering piece
This is the Diamond Connection necklace
which is one of my personal favorites
Mainly because the meaning is so beautiful
It's two connected circles that represent the strongest connection in your life
And it's made in this two-tone white and yellow 14 karat gold
with a touch of diamond sparkle
Next this is the Diamond X Stud earrings
I love stud earrings I think they're very easy
I think these are fun and bold to wear on its own
But simple enough to just have it for everyday wear
And now that we're officially in holiday season I think all
these pieces would make such beautiful and timeless gifts
Whether that is for yourself or a special someone
If you were stuck on some holiday gift ideas hope you found this useful
I look smart
Do they do an eye test?
Good morning everyone
Happy Sunday!
I booked myself a pilates class
And I'm really regretting it
But this is why I purposely booked my class last night
So that I'm forced to go and I can't change my mind
I'm wearing my Jodie top from Little Puffy
And this actually comes with the little under layer bra
It looks like this on the inside
Off we go
Hello everyone I'm actually in my room right now
It's empty I moved out my bed
Because I used this room as like a temporary storage for all my popup boxes
But everything is getting sent back to California
So I just got to get my life back together
I was feeling very chatty
So I wanted to do like an old school YouTube style sit down talk about favorite products
And I left it at the end in case for people who aren't interested to just like skip if you want
Starting off with makeup
The most important part of my makeup is skin
The foundation that I always always reach for every single day is
the Clio cushion foundation
I think these are better than a lot of like high-end cushion foundations
Coverage is so beautiful
I have it on right now and I just love how glowy and dewy my skin looks
And this is like a mini mini version too it's so cute
There's a pink and a black Version and I love both
And then on the topic of glowy skin I am not a huge fan of very shimmery highlighters
So the highlight that I have been loving this year is the Chanel multi balm
And this is in the lilas color
I love using this on my face like I just kind of go over like high points of my cheeks
It just gives me like the most natural glow
And it looks like my skin is just naturally so glowy
If I'm wearing like an exposed shoulder like this
So nice right?
I am a big blush gal
This is what I've been reaching a lot like literally every single day
This is the Chanel 798
A very beautiful like rozy color
And then on top of that I like to go in with the Clio number five Berry Scoop blush
Which is like this pink color
And I learned this from like a Korean makeup artist in a YouTube video
Ghe basically goes over the blush with like a pale pink color
And it just gives like a very natural blended air blushed look
Next up I would say is eyeliner
I have very oily lids
And this brand is actually really good a lot of makeup artists use this as well
I feel like it's hard to find in the states I had to ask my friend to buy it for me in Korea
The brand Pro 8 Cheongdam
This is the gel liner
The pencil liner
When you go to Korea I would highly recommend checking out this brand
Next I'm going to talk about perfumes
I have three that I want to share today
And this is like my favorite winter scents but also like you can wear this any season
First off is Byredo Mixed Emotions
I think this is such a like badass I feel really cool when I spray this
It's a very unique scent it all has like a smokiness to it
Gypsy Water is a cold favorite
Everyone loves this
It smells so beautiful, it's addiction
I can smell this all day long
This might not be like quote on quote like a winter scent
This is the Dior Blooming Bouquet
It just smells so feminine so beautiful
Like I could wear this all year around
But the reason why I would wear this in the winter is because
Every time I spray this I get reminded of my career trip with my mom because
Thats when I bought this
And that's what I love about perfumes
Like you spray it and it just brings you back to that particular memory
And I think that's just so beautiful
And next off this is the Mighty Patch Nose from Hero
For anyone who has big nose pores like me
I would say give this a try
It's like it's like a pimple patch but it's for your nose
And it just soaks up all the oils from your pores
My nose always feels like so smooth after
And then for our armpits
As you guys know this past year I have struggled with
armpits, and armpit sweat and BO
I have PCOS so I get hormonal imbalance which
causes my armpits to just react
And one thing that really solved the problem is the deodorant, Certain Dri
Looks like this
Boom no more sweat
Just like my armpits I have dealt with dry scalp for so many years
I have spent so much money in college getting scalp treatments
I have found the cure to my dry flaky scalp
And it's Nizoral
I can't believe I have waited this long to discover this because
My flaky scalp has been one of my biggest insecurities
Sorry but I'm going to have to promote my own product
But this is like my baby
We did so many versions, sampling with this bow
It just looks so cute with any hairstyle
Clip it
So cute
For tech I would say my LG Stand By Me
I'm not going to bring it out just put up a photo
It's aesthetic it's so functional like
You can just wheel it around your house and
Use it watch TV while you're cooking or in bed
So I think that was one of the products that I used very well this year
Next up is for my content creators
I love tripods
This is the fun one
I forget how long this stretches out I'll have it on the screen
But if you're wondering how I get those like weird angles that are filmed from like so high up
It's this tripod
That's it for now and I have so many other more favorites
if you guys are interested, please let me know
Because I miss this type of filming
And just talking about my favorite products
So that's it for now
Happy December everyone